[change] Save user preferred language in obtain and validate token views #342 (#351)
openwisp/openwisp-radius: docs/source/user/api.rst

(if registration is enabled for that org). Please refer to
`"Registering to Multiple Organizations" <#registering-to-multiple-organizations>`_.

> This endpoint updates the user language preference from the `Accept-Language` HTTP
> header.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This endpoint updates the user language preference field according
to the ``Accept-Language`` HTTP header.
```

Same below.
